# Website structure
* /config contains toml configuration files, edit as needed
* /content should contain all content in subfolders
* /data contains copies of files in the same folders of /academic which overwrite those. Needed to adjust e.g. labels for publications (on group website).
* /myresources contains this file and other files I might need for writing the page.
* /public is the folder created by hugo for deployment. Don't edit. This folder is not synced over to github! Netlify automatically pulls the github folder and builds the site using hugo.
* /resources folder seems to be generated by hugo, leave alone
* /static contains my images and files that are linked from other sites.
* /themes folder should contain the /academic theme/folder with all subfolders. Update that to new version as needed.

# Things to remember
* Save your icon as a square 512x512 pixel image named icon.png and place the image in your root assets/images/ folder, creating the assets and images folders if they don't already exist. (https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/customization/)


# To work on site
edit content
run blogdown::serve_site() for live preview

# To build site
run blogdown::build_site()

# To deploy site
push to github. Netlify will automatically build and serve site.
Note that it's important to run build_site() since Hugo/Netlify only do part of the building (they don't process Rmd files)

# To-do
* do some SEO once site is finished

# Post ideas
* MADA online course setup/experiences (mention 'date changed in yaml')
* gh_class package to manage class with github
* general github workflow for classes
* conceputal thought of usefulness of certain teaching aids like metaphors/examples/jokes that might confuse-enlighten or disengage-engage
* how to 'build your brand' (online presence, website, google scholar, research gate)
http://blog.impactstory.org/wp-content/uploads/2015/01/impact_challenge_ebook_links.pdf
* how to 'stay up with the literature'



